README.md, before:

# VoidUI
VoidUI is a UI mod for PAYDAY 2. It features an overhaul of the default HUD  
Copyright (C) 2017 Xeletron

## Coding
- Most part of the hud made by Xeletron
- Small lua tweaks made by Fanged Hex
- English language localization tweaks made by VxWolf

## Installing
- Download and install BLT from <PUT A LINK HERE!>
- Download VoidUI. Drop the 'VoidUI-master' folder in the archive into your 'mods' folder.
- If the game is running, restart it.

## GNU General Public License
    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program (LICENSE file). If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Added link to BLT, added latest changelog

README.md, after:

# VoidUI
VoidUI is a UI mod for PAYDAY 2. It features an overhaul of the default HUD  
Copyright (C) 2017 Xeletron

## What's new in 0.5.1 (2017.08.21)
- Fixed some bugs that were created by the last update
- Added heist intro for crime spree
- Fixed the bleedout panel overlapping with the health values
- Further improved suspicion meter

## Credits
- Most part of the hud made by Xeletron
- Small lua tweaks made by Fanged Hex
- English language localization tweaks made by VxWolf

## Installing
- Download and install BLT from https://github.com/JamesWilko/Payday-2-BLT/releases
- Download 'VoidUI.zip'. Drop the 'VoidUI-master' folder in the archive into your 'mods' folder.
- If the game is running, restart it.

## GNU General Public License
    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program (LICENSE file). If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
